Update config options for dotnet SDK (#459)
permitio/docs: docs/getting-started/_quickstart-parts/_quickstart_dotnet.mdx

                                    // the tenant to use if the tenant is not provided
                                    defaultTenant: "default",
                                    // whether to use the default tenant if the tenant is not provided
                                    useDefaultTenantIfEmpty: true, 
                                    // should run in debug mode
                                    debugMode: true,
                                    // set the log level
                                    level: "info",
                                    // set the log label
                                    label: "Permitio-sdk",
                                    // should log as JSON
                                    logAsJson: false,
                                    // the URL of the API (relevant for EU customers)
                                    apiURL: "https://api.eu-central-1.permit.io",
                                    // should raise errors (instead of the default behavior of returning false for network errors in permit checks)
                                    raiseErrors: false,

>                                     //the environment_id and project_id to avoid getting them from the cloud API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    // Optional: manual set the environment_id and project_id for the SDK client (to avoid `scope` api call)
```
